so what is a purple sweet potato well I
can tell you that I live in North
Carolina where on a daily basis in the
fall right now and nope in October I can
see sweet potatoes being harvest they're
one of the most nutritious vegetables
you can eat cook in many different ways
but I have never ever ever heard of a
purple sweet potato until recently so
this is what a purple sweet potato looks
like from the outside the skin looks a
little bit darker than a normal sweet
potato but as you can tell I skin some
stripes in them you can tell it is very
very very purple but on research the
bottom is that they are four times four
times more nutritious and packed with
vitamins in an orange sweet potato now
an orange sweet potato mind you is
considered to be one of the most
nutritious vegetables you can eat this
purple sweet potato totally different
four times greater
as far as nutritional content so I've
got several videos of how I cook them I
will just show you really quick what I
do I take tin foil I take a sweet potato
and I basically will cut them and in a
kind of what I would call a french fry
type cut I will cut them like like that
I'll put a little bit of butter a little
bit of olive oil I'll wrap them up in
this tin foil and I'll stick them on the
grill or in the oven for 30 to 45
minutes at 350 to 400 and we will enjoy
our sweet potatoes in this case tonight
a purple sweet potato so if you see them
check them out buy them
well I'll let you know on a YouTube
channel how we like them but this is our
introduction to the purple sweet potato